>> Todd Gardner: Great, so
we just talked about time to first byte,
some strategies to improve it,
which also improved FCP and LCP.
Let's talk about FCP specifically now and
some more tactics we can
use to focus on that.
So first contentful paint, as you recall,
is how fast our site visibly
loads something, like anything.
Doesn't matter what it is,
could be anything on the screen.
Now again, there's this interrelationship.
By improving time to first bite,
we improved first contentful paint, and
by improving first
contentful paint further,
we're gonna improve
largest contentful paint.
Let's take a quick look at our
Baseline First Contentful Paint based on
here we left things before.
So I have our local run at
dubdubdub@devstickers.shop and
our last run,
I'm actually just gonna generate another
one quick.
>> Todd Gardner: Yep.
>> Todd Gardner: Just to make sure there's
nothing weird about that first one.
We're gonna generate one,
another performance profile
with everything throttled at,
on coffee shop Wi Fi.
And we're gonna have a look
at where we are at right now.
So if we zoom in on the start, we see that
first Contentful Paint is happening at
about 871 milliseconds,
that's what we're trying to make better.
So it's pretty fast, it's pretty
good already, to be honest, but
I think it can be faster.
What are some tactics
we can use to do that?
Now, for your purposes,
you always need to think about whether or
not you need to worry about this.
So we are already faster
than Google's benchmark,
we are already faster
than that 1.8 seconds.
So before you spend a bunch of time and
effort and dollars, and
blood, sweat and tears trying to fix this,
make sure that your RAM or
your CrUX data is telling you
that this is a problem for you.
And not something that you should
focus your effort elsewhere.
There's three really important tactics for
fixing FCP, and
that's we're gonna remove sequence chains,
we're gonna preload some resources,
and we're gonna lazy load
some other resources.